Hello and welcome back in the previous tutorial we learned how to install the Metro for terminal and
open a demo account.
Today we're going to learn how to navigate the trading platform.
So I've got the meditator four platform open in front of me.
Let's have a look what it's called.
So right away in front of the chart and most likely your chart as God is black in color.
And that happens when you open up a new chart.
By default they're black.
So we'll have a look at how to change a color in a minute as well.
Up at the top we've got a panel which most programs have.
Then we've got some toolbars that we hear on the left.
We've got a market watch window.
Then you've got a navigator window below that.
And then at the bottom we've got a whole panel of windows which are trade exposure account history news
and so on.
And of course in the middle we have the main chart.
So let's start with with the chart.
How do we open a new chart.
Right now we've got the adult 1 hour time frame chart open.
Let's see how we open in Q1.
Well in the market watch we right click on the curve speir that we want to see and weekly chart window
and the window pops up as you can see the window is right away black and that's the default color for
measure 4.
You can change it very easily.
Right click on the chart go to properties and color scheme and then change it to whichever one you want
.
You can specify your own schema on the right here.
OK.
And we've got the chart.
So next or so we can go to properties common and if we uncheck the show grid we won't see the grid in
the background because it can be distracting at times.
So that's good by default is you can see the chart that was open as the British pound dollar one already
time for a chart.
So how do we change the time frame of the chart.
Well this final way here let's get it done and dusted right away.
It tells you which time of the chart you have opened and you can change the time frame by simply clicking
.
And as you can see as I click the chart changes and adjust as I adjust to the right timeframe sometimes
a daughter has to be loaded and you'll get this a warning message.
All right.
Well that's loaded.
Let's have a look at.
Let's have a look at the other panels.
So we've talked about the market watch on the bottom here.
We've got a tick chart.
If you want but that's when the market is open because it's Saturday we can see anything here but generally
here you can see every single tick that comes for this current pair.
So let's go back.
The navigator is an interesting one as well.
You can change our accounts here.
Once you've entered them at least once you've got some indicators here which you can drag on to a chart
that's for example drag around them that they're on the Try this one this one's pretty this indicator
as you can see right away we've got an indicator on the chart and this indicator probably will look
better on the black and white sorry on the green and black.
So it's it's a really pretty indicator there.
You can drag to one that we're familiar with.
So.
So in the trend we've got moving average we drag it onto the chart specify the width so we can see it
.
And you can see are moving averages there.
If you want to delete an indicator right click it and click delete indicator.
OK so we've got the moving average as you can see everything is pretty simple it's very easy to get
around here all the indicators they hear expert advisers so I wouldn't advise using these because these
are the default ones and they're not very good.
They'll just lose your money so probably don't even look in their scripts.
Just also not at this stage we don't need any scripts right now.
OK so what have you got next.
At the bottom you've got your current state.
For example any open trades will be in the trade tab exposures a new tab in the recent builds men traded
for.
So it tells you once you have open trades which currencies you're exposed to account history it's got
some just general basically trades that you've already conducted.
If you have conducted any and so on so the news alerts mailbox markets you can explore those or not
.
Not that important for your trading.
Maybe the journal is important because it tells you exactly what's happening on your charts and what
it is like if you take profits or stop losses and so on.
So that's maybe an important time as well.
All right so let's move over to the top now at the top we've got the file window file menu.
I don't really use that.
It basically doesn't have anything helpful except for open account so if you want to open an account
open in your account you can open one here or if you want to log into an account you can log in into
account here if you have your credentials and you have your server just basically log into account.
And what you're over there next the view.
This one might be useful for you if you're from a different country and your base your home language
or English you just basically use any language and they've got a big variety of big selection of languages
here next.
So in view anything else no.
We'll talk about all of these just now than insurge you can in certain indicators this way as well.
So the most recent ones I think over here.
And then you can pick in the same way as we just did.
You can pick the indicators from here.
He can also insert other things like lines but we also will talk about that in the panels down here
insert lines channels like different elements or analysis technical analysis.
Maybe the only one that that is useful from here is shape so if you want to insert a rectangle you can
and then if you double click it and then you go to properties you can change the color if you want it
you want to highlight something on the chart.
So I'll just delete that.
It's distracting.
So insert charts actually don't use this one because all these options are actually available here and
we'll talk about them tools.
This is an important one so your options your terminal options are here and you can set these up if
you want.
I actually don't think you need to adjust anything here maybe change your account server if you need
to but once again you can do that in the menu we looked at previously.
OK.
And History Center that's if you want to upload history will change it.
So we're not going to look at that and again look at any of those window.
To be honest this one help can help you tell your windows like if you click if you have several windows
open and their message is click here and you click like tell windows.
And as you can see they're right away adjusted into nice neat fashion where you can tile them like this
or you can tell them whichever way you want.
And the Help there's always the help topics if you get stuck with a client terminal.
There there's some really good instructions on how to get around and topics that will help you find
your way.
OK so we'll finish it off today because this story is getting quite long and in the next tutorial We'll
talk about these elements of the navigation are here in the quick panels.
OK I I'll see you next time.
Until then Happy training.